### Milestone 2 Reflection

In this milestone, we have implemented in our dashboard the world map heatmap of energy consumption, a bar chart with the top 10 energy consumers and a line plot on the bottom for the energy consumption by country with all the different energy types. The functionality implemented so far includes changing from per-capita values and total values for each country. This change when toggled changes both the world map and the bar chart. There is also an energy type dropdown menu that users can select the energy type they wish to view (total, renewables, natural gas etc.) and that will change both the world map and the bar chart again. Once again, the world map and the bar chart are each effected by an implemented year slider beneath the plots. The slider when moved changes the energy consumption to view countries by year that ranges from 1980 to 2018. In the line plot below, the energy consumption my individual country is changed by a drop-down menu with all the different available countries. Countries here can be searched by typing inside the dropdown menu. Hovering the mouse over each data point in each plot creates a small pop up with information about the numbers that are represented in the plot.

For future improvements, we plan to include population information for the hover labels of a country and perhaps some more useful stats. Another feature we would like to implement is some interactivity between the world map and the line plot. We hope to implement when a country on the world map is clicked, it will automatically update the line plot with the selected country. We believe this dashboard as it currently stands does well at showing the main goal of the project which is to show the world's energy consumption over the years and by the different energy types. The addition of including the per capita information provides some more interesting comparisons. In future works we may also consider introducing some new visualizations to help support observations or include a widget with some interesting information that can be deciphered. There may also be additional changes to the dashboard layout and configuration to find which layout best supports interesting and informational outcomes.